Naming:
internal_name is used for references within the generator. internal_names MUST be unique or else they'll overwrite each
other. internal_names should always use underscores, whitespace will be ignored.
display_names are necessary for things that should be displayed differently than the internal name.
If something doesn't have a display name, the internal name will be used to generate one.
For example, 'celestial_legacy' will become 'Celestial Legacy'
Display names are allowed to duplicate other display names.


Race/Class names and categories:
NPCGenerator uses the order of races/classes in the csv file to determine the order they sohuld be shown to users.
If an entry has '@CATEGORY' for an internal name, then that will be used to organize the following entries into a category.
Most obviously it will be used for group headers in dropdown boxes.
If an entry has '@RANDOM', that means that all the following entries will be added to a special random option.
Display names for random options are arbitrary, but should be obvious
When a new category starts, it will stop adding entries.


Traits:
'visibility' is used for determining when to show the trait in a stat block
0 or undefined means the trait is ALWAYS shown as a statblock entry. It is crucial for the character.
1 means that the trait should USUALLY be shown as its own entry.
This is typically for things like racial resistances or darkvision that are reflected elsewhere in the stat block,
but might be helpful to have the reader's attention drawn to.
2 means this trait usually shouldn't be displayed. Things like traits that grant proficiency or traits that are
fully represented elsewhere (like an aarakocra's talons) that are mostly just taking up space from the user's perspective.

Traits that have the trait_type 'hidden' ignore visibility and are never ever shown.
Hidden traits are meant to be used for behind the scenes stuff that users should never see,
like a human's floating attribute bonus.

Tags are the key part of implementing trait functionality. Each tag has something coded into the generator to make stuff happen.
Tags can be a single keyword, or they can take a list of values.
***IMPORTANT***
Each tag must be separated by a comma(,),
If a tag takes a value, it must be indicated by a colon(:)
If a tag takes MULTIPLE values, those values must be separated by semicolons(;)
For example, if a trait has a tags field of 'damage_resistance:slashing;bludgeoning,give_weapon:talons',
That means the 'damage_resistance' tag will have a value of ['slashing', 'piercing']
and the 'give_weapon' tag will have a value of ['talons']
Each trait may have an arbitrary combination of tags and values.

Traits should avoid patterns that require they be added in a specific order.


Races:
Although size USUALLY determines a creatures move speed, that doesn't always hold true. So, races must have their movement
speeds set manually.
Senses like darkvision, on the other hand, are pretty uniform and generally get their own stat block entry, so those are
handled by giving a race the appropriate trait.